rose callie
general wants to see you
there is only one thing harder than
winning a wall
keeping the peace for the past five
years
we coexisted peacefully until now
if we don't find a solution three
billion
will die however we crack their
navigation we're embarking on the first
mission to their world
you've been blessed with the ability to
interact with alien tech
and i want you to join us
give them a taste of their own medicine
that's it oh so you have half a plant
yeah
bess
ladies and gentlemen welcome to cobalt
what
anything moves burn it
got movement north wall two signatures
what is it they're surrounding us
we face extermination we'll have to push
beyond our limits
i know what's at stake and i'm not
afraid to die for it
i have to finish this myself
hold on
[Applause]
[Music]
hey
bye